doc/rbd: clarify Rocky iSCSI gateway requirements (#69201)
ceph/ceph: doc/rbd/iscsi-overview.rst

   The iSCSI gateway is in maintenance as of November 2022. This means that
   it is no longer in active development and will not be updated to add
   new features. It remains documented for existing deployments.

   New deployments should prefer **RBD** accessed directly from clients
   (QEMU, ``librbd``, Kubernetes CSI, and similar) or the :doc:`NVMe-oF gateway

>    <nvmeof-overview>` for NVMe-based block access to RBD.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   New deployments should prefer accessing RBD images directly from clients
   (``librbd``, QEMU, Kubernetes CSI and similar) or the :doc:`NVMe-oF gateway
   <nvmeof-overview>` for NVMe-based access.
```
